User Stories:
1. A user has found themselves with free time this weekend and can't think of what to do. They go to our website to get some ideas. Upon putting in
the URL, they first have to log in with Facebook. Once they get into the app, it is their first time, so they will have a suggested set 
of keywords to choose from before they see the main page of our site. They can also manually input some keywords to get started. Once they have 
chosen enough keywords, they will see the main page. On this page, the user will be able to set a radius and will see a list of recommendations 
that combine the most keywords possible (therefore being the best suggestions) and is within their given radius. The user will go to a recommended
place and then come back and can put a thumbs up or a thumbs down to better future recommendations.

2. A user has found themselves with free time this weekend and can't think of what to do. They go to our website to get some ideas. Upon putting in
the URL, they first have to create an account to login because they don't have Facebook. Once they get into the app, it is their first time, so they 
have to manually input some keywords to get started. When they start typing a word, suggestions will come up for common keywords that people use. 
Once they have chosen enough keywords, they will see the main page. On this page, the user will be able to set a radius and will see a list of 
recommendations that combine the most keywords possible (therefore being the best suggestions) and is within their given radius. 
The user will go to a recommended place and then come back and can put a thumbs up or a thumbs down to better future recommendations.


1. As a user I want to log in with Facebook to get suggested keywords and to not have to create an account 


2. As a user I want to save the places I am interested in to remember them afterwards


3. As a user I want to leave a rating/review to express my satisfaction about the places I have been to

4. As a user I want to have the location displayed for the places I am interested to be able to go there 

5. As a user I want to be able to see other people's comments on the places that I am interested and their experience there as well because seeing a review is one 
thing, but being able to hear specifically what they liked and disliked will be able to help me decide whether I want to go there or not.

6. As a user I want to be able to favorite places that I like and would either want to attend in the future or want to attend again.

7. As a user I would want to be able to have access to the phone number of the location that I had choice as well as also being able to have to access
the website if I need to book an appointment
